hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be doing another study with me but this
one is slightly different because it's
actually a lambda study with me so if
you didn't know lambda is a speech and
drama qualification and I'm currently
studying for my grade 8 exam so I have
three pieces to learn and then I've got
to answer questions about it afterwards
so I decided to do all of my theory work
today because I was quite behind on it
and I wanted to get it all done so I
started off by writing a play summary
for blood spirit and then I had some
questions to answer for each of the
characters so what my lambs teacher did
is she gave us a set of 15 questions
which could come up for each of the
plays and I went through each one and
just bullet pointed some answers and did
some research
[Music]
and by the way today's music is all by
Alicia David so he reached out to me and
told me about his music this isn't a
sponsored video or anything but I just
fell in love with it and it's just so
calming and I think it's perfect for a
study with me then next I read through
this lack to transcript on Antigone and
how the female is presented and I found
it really interesting it was only about
30 pages and I managed to take some
really great notes so then here I was
being tested on my script
and if you wonder at the same time I'm
snacking on frozen blueberries then in
this clip I was actually acting out my
Antigone peace cookies in the Greek
piece you really need to use gestures
and I'm really bad at using the gestures
so I wanted to practice with them as you
can see I'm trying them out quite a lot
and seeing what what works fast and
going back over lines
[Music]
so then I went upstairs and I actually
watched some videos of Greek acting just
to get some ideas for gestures and then
I watch this crash course video on
either purse pokers eat a purse I'm
Tiffany it's all it's all linked and I
thought it would be quite useful to have
a greater knowledge of the universe and
then I also watch this summary of the
play it was just a really accessible
summary and I found it really useful so
then next I got on to doing some
research on Stanislavski so for the
lambda exam you need to do research into
one practitioner and then how you can
apply his methods to your own pieces and
we're doing Stanislavski I haven't
really learned that him before and so I
found it really interesting to do all
this research I found two really helpful
Chrome extensions to help me take these
notes you might be able to see that
there's a little box in the corner and
that I'm also highlighting websites and
I can leave these link down below
because I found them really useful today
[Music]
in total this took me about three or
four hours which is quite a long time
but I really enjoyed doing it so it
doesn't bother me too much and then
after that I just went through and
applied his methods to each of my pieces
so at the bottom I just wrote some
bullet points
[Music]
so that's pretty much everything that I
did for my lambda exam preparation today
I really hope that you enjoyed watching
this video and have a productive week